hey what's up everybody sky here and i
just got done commentating over this
gameplay and then i found i was using my
blue snowball mic so i'm a little
perturbed right now and i had to restart
so this is a team deathmatch on convoy
we are using these factory with rapid
fire and silencer later on in the game
play but for a little bit early on we
are using the commando with silencer
goes pro sleight of hand pro and hacker
pro and then we switch up like i said to
the spectre ii with silencer and rapid
fire that would be scavenger pro warlord
pro and marathon pro on that class and
yeah um driving very nice map i find it
to be a short quarters or in that short
quarters close quarters a map um there's
a lot of there's quite a few buildings
in here so it doesn't like yeah it
doesn't have that you know it's it's
just a lot of close quarters that's what
I'm gonna say right now you can use an
assault rifle very well like I do here
in the beginning but you know I find it
easier to use the spec series rapid fire
silencer just because you know you get
that little faster um you get you get
faster bullet sound range and everything
like that so I don't know it's it's a
peripheral preference really so anyways
up pretty much about driving it was
supposed to be like a fast action pace
map like Newtown oh excuse me gotta
scoot in here a bit towards my mic okay
there we go scooped us on who squeaky
okay but anyways ah moving stuff all
over the place right now and yeah okay
so anyways it was supposed to be like a
fast paced type match you know fast
paced really a really really active kind
of like Newtown and to be honest I don't
see that I don't um I just don't see
that fast action fast pace sometimes
when you're playing demolition you can
kind of see it but most of the time I
mean it's I mean right now I mean look
how its
pretty slow right now I mean it's not
I'm run rushing to the spawn picking off
people were running back to my spawn
running back into their spawn dying
running back dying running back like
that nope perp I hate I want to comment
any upper but it's okay i mean it is a
nice map but i would like you know i
guess it makes sense and that there's my
only death and i switched to the spectre
ii with silencer rapid fire and such but
yeah um that's i mean i would like to
see another map like that but that's not
the case because the last map pack is
resurrection with four world at war
zombie maps and a new map called moon
and i did a video on that if you guys
want to check it out it's pretty easy to
find my channel it's like the third
video if you go if you click on mine if
you click on my channel it'll be on the
right panel it'll be this game play the
new Wonder weapon that probably is going
to be in moon and then right underneath
that is the they news about resurrection
and stuff like that see if you guys want
to check that out you guys haven't seen
that you know oh no good a jump oh yeah
but yeah if you guys wanna go check that
out there be sweet if you guys haven't
seen it but okay but anyways you know I
would I guess it makes sense i mean you
know one a small map per game does make
sense i really hope they include
something like this and like Newtown in
modern warfare 3 because I mean I do
like the whole new town fast paced
action small maps and pretty much I
heard I heard that mono for 3
multiplayer there's not going to be a
whole lot of camping spots like random
people actually there's always gonna be
random people sitting in random corner
like right behind that dumpster right in
that plan or right by that bench or
right there behind me or right by that
picnic table right by that fence and
right by that own right there right by
that little carton thing right in the
grass right there by that dead rocket
right there by that in that case but you
need you get my drift really I mean some
people are gonna camp wherever they want
to camp really i mean it's stupid but
you know it's it's what a game is you
know you're gonna get people who uh who
do like to camp which is ok but yeah I
heard
malta mono for 3 multiplayer was
supposed to be all you know not not very
many two-story buildings a lot of you
know first storey buildings and a whole
lot exciting points or something like
that but you know that's that's what i
heard you know i don't know if it's true
or not but yeah that's pretty much what
I heard we don't know for sure until
September first when the multiplayer
preview is actually released so yeah
that's the set i'm actually going to be
talking about mono 43 in an upcoming
commentary later on hey i might even
talk about mana work there in a
battlefield 2 video yeah no I don't want
to do that that'd be stupid and I get a
b-52 here for my carpal yep that's
pretty much what I have to say bon 1043
fright now i'll talk about it soon in an
upcoming cometary that's kind of long
that i have some time to talk but yeah i
do get a b-52 but i can't use it because
i get a chopper gunner i just got a call
it in and I get the game when he kill
with the chopper gunner but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this match the final
score is 24 and one this was like my
third or fourth time playing on driving
so I thought it was a pretty decent
match and I decided to upload it hope
you guys enjoyed I'll see you guys
tomorrow yeah peace